NewRelic. Application logs (#3828)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/dg/dev/integrate-and-configure/configure-services.md

            - newrelic

    environment:
        NEWRELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_ENABLED: 1
        NEWRELIC_SPAN_EVENTS_ENABLED: 1
        NEWRELIC_SPAN_EVENTS_MAX_SAMPLES_STORED: 10000
        NEWRELIC_TRANSACTION_TRACER_ENABLED: 1
        NEWRELIC_TRANSACTION_TRACER_THRESHOLD: apdex_f
        NEWRELIC_TRANSACTION_TRACER_STACK_TRACE_THRESHOLD: 500
        NEWRELIC_TRANSACTION_TRACER_MAX_SEGMENTS_CLI: 100000
        NEWRELIC_DISTRIBUTED_TRACING_EXCLUDE_NEWRELIC_HEADER: 0
```

Adjust the values to the ones that suit your environment based on the available options in the preceding table.

2. Apply the changes:

- Locally, rebuild the environment:

```bash
docker/sdk boot deploy.dev.yml && docker/sdk up
```

- In Spryker Cloud Commerce OS, push and deploy the changes using one of the following guides:
  - [Deploying in a staging environment](/docs/ca/dev/deploy-in-a-staging-environment.html)
  - [Deploying in a production environment](/docs/ca/dev/deploy-in-a-production-environment.html)

3. Verify the setup. In New Relic, open your APM entity and check that the **Distributed tracing** page lists recent traces of your application.

### Configure New Relic application logging

> New Relic application logging, also known as *logs in context*, lets the New Relic PHP agent collect logging metrics and forward application log records directly to New Relic. Because the agent adds linking metadata to every forwarded record, you can move between a log line, the transaction that produced it, and the related error or trace without switching tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Relic application logging, also known as *logs in context*, lets the New Relic PHP agent collect logging metrics and forward application log records directly to New Relic. Because the agent adds correlation metadata to every forwarded record, you can switch between a log line, the transaction that produced it, and the related error or trace without switching tools.
```

> Spryker applications write logs with [Monolog](https://github.com/Seldaek/monolog), which the New Relic PHP agent instruments automatically. You do not need to add a log handler or change application code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spryker applications write logs with [Monolog](https://github.com/Seldaek/monolog), which the New Relic PHP agent instruments automatically. You do not need to add a log handler or change application code. The logs passed around Monolog, for example directly to stdout/stderr are not captured by the agent.
```
